How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It reduced the amount of code needed to be analyzed in order to spot the bug,saving me time.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    You can spot a mistake or an bug that was written along the way much easier.
    This way saves you time and makes you more efficient.


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros:It ensures that the commits are meaningful.
    Cons:It openes up the possibility of user error.There can be cases in which the
    user forgets to commit or commits in a not very efficient way such as commiting
    large changes at one time or commiting things like typos one at a time,cluttering the 
    commit log.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git is designed for coding where files are connected ,are being called by other files and,
    therefore,a modification in one file sometimes require a modification in another file.
    Google docs is designed for documents which's modification doesn't affect the other documents.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log shows the the history log of the commits ,the commit id,
    author name,date,and a message or a descriptoin of the change .
    using those commit id's we can call the git diff command that shows 
    us the actual changes done to the files from one commit to another

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    I know that I can go back at any time to a version that is not 
    broken.It's like a save in videogames.It allows me to make more ambitious changes as I don't have to worry much about making a mistake
Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I'll use it for another course I'm taking,on ml.
